~https://www.aonsrd.com/Spells.aspx?Class=Mystic
<>
:::
0-Level Daze: Humanoid creature of CR 3 or lower is dazed. Detect Affliction: Determine whether a creature or object has been poisoned, is diseased, is cursed, or is suffering a similar affliction. Detect Magic: Detect spells and magic items within 60 feet. Fatigue: Touched creature is fatigued. Ghost Sound: Create minor illusory sounds. Grave Words: Force a corpse to babble. Psychokinetic Hand: Telekinetically move an object of 1 bulk or less. Stabilize: Cause a dying creature to stabilize. Telekinetic Projectile: Telekinetically hurl an object, dealing 1d6 damage to the target and object. Telepathic Message: Send a short telepathic message and hear simple telepathic replies. Token Spell: Perform simple magical effects. 1st-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Battlemind Link, Lesser: Creates a psychic link that gives a bonus to initiative. Carnivorous: Your mouth expands and your teeth grow sharp, granting you a bite attack. Charm Person: Make one humanoid creature believe that it is your ally. Command: One creature obeys a select command for 1 round. Confusion, Lesser: One living creature is confused for 1 round. Detect Augmentation: Detect the presence of augmentations in the area Detect Radiation: Detect radiation within 120 feet. Detect Thoughts: “Listen” to surface thoughts. Disguise Self: Change your appearance. Fear: All targets within a cone are panicked for 1 minute. Gloom Mote: Create a mote of light from the Shadow Plane, which draws other nearby lights down into shadow. Identify: Gain +10 bonus to identify items of a magic or technological nature. Keen Senses: Target gains low-light vision and a +2 bonus to Perception checks. Life Bubble: Encase targeted creatures with a shell of tolerable atmosphere. Might of the Ellicoth: Increase the amount of bulk a creature can carry Mind Link: Instantly and telepathically communicate information to a creature. Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Pyre Wreath: Creates 3 orbs that can absorb fire damage for the user. Reflecting Armor: Sheath of mystical force can reflect damage back on foe. Remove Condition, Lesser: Remove one minor harmful condition affecting a creature. Seeking Shot: Cause a single attack to ignore cover and concealment Share Language: Target understands chosen languages. Slithering Chain: Summon a chain from the Shadow Plane to trip your enemy. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Wisp Ally: Create wisp of energy that shines light and distracts an enemy. 2nd-Level Augury: Learn whether an action will be good or bad. Baleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Command Undead: Undead creature obeys your commands. Darkvision: Grant ability to see 60 feet in total darkness. Daze Monster: Target living creature of CR 5 or lower is dazed. Emberstep: Leaves a trail of fire behind you. Fear: All targets within a cone are panicked for 1 minute. Fog Cloud: Create a fog that obscures vision. Force Blast: Cone deals 2d6 force damage and bull rushes creatures. Hold Person: Paralyze one humanoid. Hurl Forcedisk: Disc deals 3d6 force damage to one target then ricochets to other targets, dealing 2d6 force damage. Inflict Pain: Wracking pain imposes –2 penalty to ability checks, attack rolls, and skill checks on one target. Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Paranoia: Force a creature to lash out at everyone, even their friends. Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Reject Augmentation: Targeted creature is sickened and can't use any augmentations for the duration Remove Condition: Remove one moderate harmful condition affecting a creature. Restoration, Lesser: Dispel magical ability penalty or cure 1d4 ability damage. See Invisibility: See invisible creatures or objects. Shield Other: You take half of the target’s Hit Point damage. Spider Climb: Grant ability to walk on walls and ceilings. Status: Monitor condition and position of allies. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Zone of Truth: Creatures within range can’t lie. 3rd-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Bestow Curse: Target takes –4 penalty to attack rolls, saves, and checks or 50% chance of not acting on each of its turns. Burning Ash Cloud: Creates a cloud that blocks vision and causes fire damage. Charm Monster: Make one creature believe it is your ally or one day per level. Clairaudience/Clairvoyance: Hear or see at a distance for 1 minute per level. Deep Slumber: Put a number of creatures whose CRs total 8 or less to sleep. Dispel Magic: Cancel one magical spell or effect. Fear: All targets within a cone are panicked for 1 minute. Haste: One creature per level moves and acts faster. Hologram Memory: Extract a creature’s memory and replay it as a hologram. Irradiate: Flood area with dangerous radiation. Mental Block: Cause creatures to forget how to use their feats and abilities Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Nightmare: Send a terrible nightmare to a distant target. Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Psychokinetic Strangulation: Concentrate to immobilize target and deal 3d8 damage per round. Ray of Exhaustion: Ray makes target exhausted. Remove Affliction: Neutralize curses, diseases, infestations, poisons, and other harmful conditions affecting a creature. Resistant Armor, Lesser: Grant DR 5/— or energy resistance 5 against two energy types. Slow: One creature per level moves and acts slower. Speak with Dead: Corpse answers up to six questions. Suggestion: Compel a target to follow stated course of action. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Synaptic Pulse: Stun all creatures within 20 feet for 1 round. Tongues: Target can speak and understand any language. Umbral Tendrils: Assault a group of creatures with shadowy tentacles. Viral Destruction: Create a virus in a recently dead body, allowing it to strike again and potentially spread the virus further. 4th-Level Animate Dead: Create controlled undead creatures out of target corpses. Baleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Borrow Corruption: Gain the benefits of a corruption from someone else. Confusion: Targets behave randomly for 1 round per level. Control Atmosphere: Alter the corrosiveness, density, or toxicity of the surrounding atmosphere Cosmic Eddy: Whirlwind deals 4d6 damage and knocks creatures prone. Death Ward: Target gains +4 bonus to saves against death spells, and is immune to negative energy and gaining negative levels. Dimensional Anchor: Prevent a target from leaving the plane Discern Lies: Reveal deliberate falsehoods. Dismissal: Force extraplanar creatures whose total CR is no greater than your level + 2 to return to their native planes. Divination: Gain useful advice for specific proposed actions. Enervation: Ray imposes 2 negative levels. Fear: All targets within a cone are panicked for 1 minute. Hold Monster: Paralyze one creature. Mind Probe: Potentially access a target creature’s memories and its knowledge. Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Read the Flames: Gives you a single use bonus in the near future. Reincarnate: Bring a target dead creature back to life in a random body. Remove Radioactivity: Remove ongoing radiation effects from a creature or object. Resistant Armor: Grant DR 10/— or energy resistance 10 to three energy types. Restoration: Restores ability score drain and negative levels. Shadow Jump: Travel through the Shadow Plane to move to a distant shadow. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Telepathic Bond: Link allows allies to communicate. 5th-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Battlemind Link: Creates a psychic link that gives a bonus to initiative and other benefits. Break Enchantment: Free creatures from curses, enchantments, and transmutations. Call Cosmos: Rain cosmic particles on targets, dealing 4d6 fire damage and 3d6 cold damage. Command, Greater: One creature per level obeys select command for 1 round per level. Commune With Nature: Learn about terrain for 1 mile per level. Contact Other Plane: Ask questions of an extraplanar entity, with questionable results. Crush Skull: Deal 18d8 damage to living creature’s head. Dismissal: Force extraplanar creatures whose total CR is no greater than your level + 2 to return to their native planes. Dispel Magic, Greater: Cancel multiple magical spells or effects. Dominate Person: Control humanoid telepathically. Feeblemind: Target’s Intelligence and Charisma scores drop to 1. Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Modify Memory: Change 5 minutes of target’s memories. Mystic Cure, Mass: Restore 3d8/5d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to one living creature per level. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Raise Dead: Restore life to a creature that died no more than 1 day per level ago. Reanimate: Reanimate a recently destroyed construct or undead Remove Condition, Greater: Remove all harmful conditions affecting a creature. Resistant Aegis: Grant up to 10 creatures DR 5/— or energy resistance 5 to all energy types. Retrocognition: Gain psychic impressions of past events in a certain location. Shadow Body: Merge yourself with the essence of Shadow, giving you great powers for a time. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Synaptic Pulse, Greater: Stun all creatures within 20 feet for 1d4 rounds. Telepathy: Communicate mentally with any creatures within 100 feet. Waves of Fatigue: Several targets become fatigued. 6th-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Control Gravity: Alter gravity in an area. Control Undead: Undead creatures follow your commands and don’t attack you. Enshrining Refuge: Targets can’t attack or be attacked, but can exist comfortably. Ethereal Jaunt: You become ethereal for 1 round per level. Flesh to Stone: Turn a creature into a statue. Gravitational Singularity: Particle with infinite density pulls creatures and objects into it, dealing 12d6 damage each round to those inside. Inflict Pain, Mass: Wracking pain imposes –2 penalty to ability checks, attack rolls, and skill checks on one target per level. Mind Swap: Swap your mind with the target Mind Thrust: Mentally deal 2d10/4d10/7d10/10d10/15d10/17d10 damage to one target. Mystic Cure, Mass: Restore 3d8/5d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to one living creature per level. Mystic Cure: Restore 1d8/3d8/5d8/12d8/16d8/20d8 + your Wisdom modifier Hit Points to a living creature. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Planar Barrier: Seal an area against all planar travel into or within it. Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Plane Shift: As many as eight creatures travel to another plane of your choice. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Psychic Surgery: Cure all Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma damage and drain, plus remove other mental afflictions and conditions. Regenerate: Grow back target’s severed limbs, restore 12d8 Hit Points, and remove exhaustion and fatigue. Resistant Armor, Greater: Grant DR 15/— or energy resistance 15 against four energy types. Shadow Walk: Step into a shadowy realm to travel to a destination rapidly. Snuff Life: Instantly kill or massively damage one creature per 2 caster levels, depending on targets’ CRs. Subjective Reality: You convince yourself one creature or object is an illusion. Suggestion, Mass: Compel one target per level to follow stated course of action. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Telepathic Jaunt: Use your telepathic bond with a creature to teleport to its location. True Seeing: Target can see things as they really are. Vision: Answer a question about a person, place, or object. No Level?

