~https://www.aonsrd.com/Spells.aspx?Class=Technomancer
<>
:::
0-Level Dancing Lights: Create and direct up to four lights. Daze: Humanoid creature of CR 3 or lower is dazed. Detect Affliction: Determine whether a creature or object has been poisoned, is diseased, is cursed, or is suffering a similar affliction. Detect Magic: Detect spells and magic items within 60 feet. Energy Ray: Ray deals 1d3 acid, cold, electricity, or fire damage. Fabricate Scrap: Turn 1 bulk of inert matter into an equal amount of junked electronic equipment, suitable for certain spells Ghost Sound: Create minor illusory sounds. Mending: Restore 1d4 Hit Points to an object or construct. Psychokinetic Hand: Telekinetically move an object of 1 bulk or less. Telepathic Message: Send a short telepathic message and hear simple telepathic replies. Token Spell: Perform simple magical effects. Transfer Charge: Move charges from one power source to another source of the same type. 1st-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Comprehend Languages: You understand all spoken, signed, and written or tactile languages. Detect Radiation: Detect radiation within 120 feet. Detect Tech: Detect technological items with charges or that replenish charges within 60 feet. Disguise Self: Change your appearance. Erase: Remove writings of either magical or mundane nature. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Gloom Mote: Create a mote of light from the Shadow Plane, which draws other nearby lights down into shadow. Grease: Make a 10-ft. square or one object slippery. Hold Portal: Hold a door shut. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Identify: Gain +10 bonus to identify items of a magic or technological nature. Incompetence: Targeted creatures lose proficiency with one type of weapons Jolting Surge: Touch deals 4d6 electricity damage. Junk Armor: Turn junk into light armor or upgrade light armor to heavy armor Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Keen Senses: Target gains low-light vision and a +2 bonus to Perception checks. Life Bubble: Encase targeted creatures with a shell of tolerable atmosphere. Magic Missile: Two missiles deal 1d4+1 force damage. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Overheat: Deal 2d8 fire damage to creatures in cone. Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Supercharge Weapon: Touched weapon deals extra damage. Unseen Servant: Invisible force obeys your commands. 2nd-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Biotic Taclash, Lesser: Create a magic taclash with extra abilities. Caustic Conversion: Fling magical nanites as a ranged attack that deals 4d4 acid damage to one target, plus 5 additional damage in subsequent rounds. Command Undead: Undead creature obeys your commands. Darkvision: Grant ability to see 60 feet in total darkness. Daze Monster: Target living creature of CR 5 or lower is dazed. Directed Denial of Strength Attack: Cause creatures to become encumbered Electroplating: Give kinetic weapons the ability to bypass material-based damage reduction Emberstep: Leaves a trail of fire behind you. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Fog Cloud: Create a fog that obscures vision. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Implant Data: Embed one piece of data per level in a target computer or system. Inject Nanobots: Touch deals 4d8 damage to target and causes the confused condition. Invisibility: Target is invisible for 1 minute per level or until it attacks. Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Knock: Opens a locked or magically sealed door. Logic Bomb: Target computer deals 6d6 energy damage to the first creature that tries and fails to use it. Make Whole: Restore 5d6 Hit Points to an object or construct. Microbot Assault: Cloud of tiny robots harasses creatures within it. Mirror Image: Create decoy duplicates of yourself. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Paranoia: Force a creature to lash out at everyone, even their friends. Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Recharge: Replenish charges in a battery or item capable of holding charges. Security Seal: Magically lock a portal, a container, or a security system. See Invisibility: See invisible creatures or objects. Spider Climb: Grant ability to walk on walls and ceilings. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. 3rd-Level Arcane Sight: Magical sources become visible to you. Arcing Surge: Deal 10d6 electricity damage in a 120-foot line. Baleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Burning Ash Cloud: Creates a cloud that blocks vision and causes fire damage. Clairaudience/Clairvoyance: Hear or see at a distance for 1 minute per level. Discharge: Disrupts or depowers one target technological item or construct. Dispel Magic: Cancel one magical spell or effect. Displacement: Attacks miss target 50% of the time. Entropic Grasp: Touch decays a construct or nonmagical manufactured item once per round per level. Explosive Blast: Deal 9d6 fire damage to creatures in a 20-foot radius. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Handy Junkbot: Create a temporary robot made of junk to perform Computers, Engineering, Piloting, and Sleight of Hand tasks. Haste: One creature per level moves and acts faster. Healing Junkbot: Robot made of junk can perform Medicine tasks and drag unconscious creature to safety. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Instant Virus: Inflict technological construct with disease. Irradiate: Flood area with dangerous radiation. Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Mental Block: Cause creatures to forget how to use their feats and abilities Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Nightmare: Send a terrible nightmare to a distant target. Nondetection: Hide target from divination and surveillance. Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Probability Prediction: Reroll one attack roll, save, or check. Resistant Armor, Lesser: Grant DR 5/— or energy resistance 5 against two energy types. Slow: One creature per level moves and acts slower. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Tongues: Target can speak and understand any language. 4th-Level Animate Dead: Create controlled undead creatures out of target corpses. Arcane Eye: Invisible floating eye moves 30 feet per round and sends you visual information. Baleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Biotic Shroud: Create a shroud that protects against attacks and lets you fly. Biotic Taclash: Create a taclash out of nanites with extra abilities. Borrow Corruption: Gain the benefits of a corruption from someone else. Corrosive Haze: Cloud deals 4d8 acid damage per round, plus 10 additional damage. Creation: Create a single object made of vegetable or mineral matter. Destruction Protocol: Turn nonhostile technological construct against your foes. Digital Doorway: Teleport from one computer to another within range Dimension Door: Teleport a short distance. Dimensional Anchor: Prevent a target from leaving the plane Dismissal: Force extraplanar creatures whose total CR is no greater than your level + 2 to return to their native planes. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Invisibility, Greater: Target is invisible for 1 round per level, even if it attacks. Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Overload Systems: Target creature has a 50% chance to lose each action. Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Remove Radioactivity: Remove ongoing radiation effects from a creature or object. Resilient Sphere: Force globe protects but traps one target. Resistant Armor: Grant DR 10/— or energy resistance 10 to three energy types. Rewire Flesh: Turn target partially into a robot, dealing 3d6 damage per round and reducing speed. Shadow Jump: Travel through the Shadow Plane to move to a distant shadow. Soothing Protocol: Calm a target hostile technological construct. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Wall of Fire: Blazing curtain deals 2d6 fire damage out to 10 feet and 1d6 fire damage out to 20 feet; passing through the wall deals 5d6 fire damage. Wall of Stone: Wall has 15 Hit Points per inch of thickness and hardness 10. 5th-Level Animate Armor: Briefly control a suit of armor Baleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Break Enchantment: Free creatures from curses, enchantments, and transmutations. Contact Other Plane: Ask questions of an extraplanar entity, with questionable results. Control Machines: Command technological constructs within range telepathically. Creation: Create a single object made of vegetable or mineral matter. Dismissal: Force extraplanar creatures whose total CR is no greater than your level + 2 to return to their native planes. Dispel Magic, Greater: Cancel multiple magical spells or effects. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Heat Leech: Deal 13d8 cold damage to creatures in a cone. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Holographic Terrain: Create a large hologram that depicts terrain and structures. Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Mislead: Make yourself invisible and create an illusory double of your likeness. Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Passwall: Create a passage through most walls. Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Private Sanctum: Prevent anyone from viewing or scrying an area for 24 hours. Prying Eyes: Twenty floating eyes scout for you. Rapid Repair: Construct or weapon regains 2d8 Hit Points per round for 1 minute. Resistant Aegis: Grant up to 10 creatures DR 5/— or energy resistance 5 to all energy types. Shadow Body: Merge yourself with the essence of Shadow, giving you great powers for a time. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Synapse Overload: Target takes 18d8 damage and is staggered for 1 minute. Telekinesis: Move an object, attack creatures, or hurl objects or creatures with your mind. Teleport: Instantly teleport as far as 2,000 miles. Unwilling Guardian: Charm a target into protecting you during combat. Wall of Force: Invisible wall is difficult to destroy. 6th-LevelBaleful Polymorph: Change the target's shape to that of a smaller, weaker creature Baleful Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple targets' shapes to that of a smaller, weaker creature Battle Junkbot: Create a temporary robot from random junk, turning it into a deadly combatant. Chain Surge: Deal 13d12 electricity damage to primary target and up to 10 secondary targets; one of the primary target’s electrical devices stops functioning for 1 round. Control Gravity: Alter gravity in an area. Control Undead: Undead creatures follow your commands and don’t attack you. Discharge, Greater: Disrupts or depowers multiple technological items or constructs. Disintegrate: Ray reduces one creature or object to dust. Ethereal Jaunt: You become ethereal for 1 round per level. Flight: Allow yourself or others to fly. Holographic Image: Illusory double of your likeness can talk and cast spells. Interplanetary Teleport: Teleport between planets. Invisibility, Mass: Multiple targets are invisible for 1 minute per level or until one target attacks or moves away from other targets affected by spell. Junksword: Turn junk into a one-handed melee weapon Necromantic Revitalization: Restore hit points to an undead creature Planar Barrier: Seal an area against all planar travel into or within it. Planar Binding: Trap an extraplanar creature of CR 10 or lower until it performs a task. Plane Shift: As many as eight creatures travel to another plane of your choice. Polymorph, Mass: Change multiple target's shapes to that of another creature Polymorph: Change the target's shape into that of another creature Reanimate: Reanimate a recently destroyed construct or undead Resistant Armor, Greater: Grant DR 15/— or energy resistance 15 against four energy types. Rewire Flesh, Mass: Deal 3d6 damage per round and reducing targets’ speed during that time. Shadow Walk: Step into a shadowy realm to travel to a destination rapidly. Shadowy Fleet: Illusion of starships deals 3d6 piercing damage and 3d6 fire damage to all creatures in the affected area. Summon Creature: This spell summons an extraplanar creature. Sympathetic Vibration: Deal 2d10 damage per round to freestanding structure. Terraform: Alter terrain and climate. True Seeing: Target can see things as they really are. Veil: Change appearance of a group of creatures. Wall of Steel: Wall has 45 Hit Points per inch of thickness and hardness 15. No Level Wish: Alter reality to better suit you.?

