~https://www.aonsrd.com/WeaponFusions.aspx?ItemName=All
<>Name?Level?Summary?
:::-
Anchoring?1?A weapon with the anchoring fusion has a chance to immobilize its targets.?
Called?1?A weapon with the called fusion can be teleported to its owner’s hand as a swift action, even if the weapon is in the possession of another creature.?
Defiant?1?A weapon with the defiant fusion resists efforts to be removed from its wielder.?
Durable?1?The durable fusion uses magical runes and reinforcements to significantly increase a weapon’s toughness.?
Glamered?1?As a standard action, a weapon with the glamered fusion can be commanded to change its appearance to assume the form of another object of similar size.?
Hindering?1?A hindering fusion turns a melee weapon into a device suitable for making your foes less capable of escaping and fighting back.?
Hybridized?1?A weapon with the hybridized fusion replaces much of its technological functions with magic counterparts.?
Illuminating?1?The illuminating fusion causes a weapon to gain the bright weapon special property (see page 181).?
Invigorating?1?The invigorating fusion fills its wielder with vigor when defeating foes.?
Ominous?1?A weapon with the ominous fusion trails a shadowy haze behind it and moans a menacing dirge in battle.?
Returning?1?You can add this fusion only to a weapon that has the thrown weapon special property.?
Secured?1?The secured fusion ties the weapon to a single owner.?
Soulfire?1?The soulfire fusion (and soulfire fusion seals) can only be applied to solarian weapon crystals.?
Stabilizing?1?The stabilizing fusion helps you keep your orientation in zero gravity.?
Trailblazer?1?A weapon with the trailblazer fusion manages to alter the nature of its attacks to overcome the penalties of some natural environmental effects.?
Anarchic?2?The anarchic fusion imbues a weapon with divine energy from a chaotic deity.?
Axiomatic?2?The axiomatic fusion imbues a weapon with divine energy from a lawful deity.?
Blasting?2?The blasting fusion allows a weapon to make a single attack as a blast (see the blast weapon special property on page 180) once per day as a full action.?
Burst?2?With the burst fusion, a weapon’s energy damage can form a small explosion that spills onto a second target.?
Entangling?2?A weapon with the entangling fusion gains the entangle weapon special property (see page 181).?
Holy?2?A weapon with the holy fusion becomes blessed with divine energy from a good deity.?
Inspiring?2?The inspiring fusion imbues a weapon with hope.?
Merciful?2?A weapon with the merciful fusion often hums pleasantly when at rest and makes soft, airy musical noises when it is used to make an attack.?
Opportunistic?2?The opportunistic fusion guides your accuracy when making attacks of opportunity and leaves your foes vulnerable to your attack.?
Spellthrower?2?A weapon with the spellthrower fusion is able to have a single spell gem loaded into it at a time.?
Throwing?2?The throwing fusion makes even the most cumbersome melee weapon usable as a thrown weapon.?
Ulrikka Duster?2?Dwarven asteroid miners favor the Ulrikka duster fusion, which causes any weapon with it to take on an armored, stocky appearance.?
Unholy?2?The unholy fusion imbues a weapon with divine energy from an evil deity.?
Venomous?2?A weapon with the venomous fusion gains the injection weapon special property (see page 181).?
Astute?3?The fusion causes a weapon to become etched with glowing circuitry and ringed with faint blue-black flames.?
Binding?3?Weapons with the binding fusion often feature decorative images of bars, gates, and manacles.?
Conserving?3?Weapons with the conserving fusion preserve their ammunition and charges after a miss.?
Deafening?3?With the deafening fusion, a weapon releases a blast of low-frequency sonic energy on impact.?
Defending?3?Weapons with the defending fusion aid their wielder when blocking or fighting defensively.?
Dispelling?3?A weapon with the dispelling fusion gathers spare wisps of latent magic during combat, which it can then unleash in a focused effort to dispel magic.?
Disruptive?3?The disruptive fusion imbues a weapon with powerful positive energy designed to disrupt the magical forces that allow undead to exist.?
Potent?3?The potent fusion boosts the DC of saving throws associated with the weapon.?
Seeking?3?The seeking fusion causes an attack from a weapon to veer toward its target.?
Sentinel?3?Like most weapon fusions designed for use on AbadarCorp weapons, the sentinel fusion makes a weapon richly ornamented, sometimes even gold-plated, and often adds icons of vault doors.?
Bonding?4?A creation of the Brethedan biotech firm Life Innovations, a bonding weapon melds into your limb when you draw it (its coloration changes to match your skin tone).?
Burning?4?Weapons with the burning fusion often take on an appearance that includes numerous flame-like elements.?
Manufacturing?4?Followers of the Prophecies of Kalistrade use manufacturing weapon fusions to ensure they are never without ammunition (or gouged by isolated traders for ammunition), even on long trade missions.?
Tactical?4?You can add the tactical fusion only to a ranged weapon.?
Vanishing?4?The vanishing fusion can hide its wielder from the sight of one foe.?
Accurate?5?The accurate fusion bestows exceptional balance and handling on a weapon.?
Apprehending?5?The apprehending fusion causes the weapon to grow spikes and overwrought iron fixtures, as befits its use by the Hellknights.?
Bane?5?The bane fusion enhances the power of critical hits against certain foes.?
Bleeding?5?The bleeding fusion weaves entropic energy into the weapon’s form.?
Bombarding?5?The bombarding fusion allows a weapon to duplicate the effect of a single grenade that is loaded into an extradimensional space within the weapon.?
Devastating?5?You can apply the devastating fusion only to a weapon with two or more critical hit effects.?
Energetic?5?A projectile weapon with the energetic fusion relies on energy rather than physical ammunition to generate kinetic attacks.?
Flaming?5?The flaming fusion imbues a weapon with the fiery power of a star.?
Frost?5?The frost fusion imbues a weapon with the icy cold of a dead world far from its system’s sun.?
Ghost Killer?5?Attacks from a weapon with this fusion deal full damage to incorporeal creatures.?
Interposing?5?You can add the interposing fusion only to a melee weapon.?
Limning?5?Successful attacks with a weapon with the limning fusion surround the target with a glowing aura.?
Obscuring?5?A weapon with the obscuring fusion emits mist, smoke, or a similar obscuring vapor when wielded.?
Punishing?5?Subsequent wounds from a weapon with the punishing fusion have greater effect.?
Selective?5?With the selective weapon fusion, you can exclude a single target from a weapon’s area of effect.?
Shock?5?The shock fusion weaves the electrical energy of the universe into the weapon’s form.?
Vicious?5?Vicious weapons have sinister appearances.?
Adaptive?6?An weapon fitted with an adaptive fusion adjusts to any target it hits repeatedly.?
Advancing?6?When you defeat a foe, a weapon with the advancing fusion draws you further into the fray.?
Agonizing?6?Once per day when you successfully attack a foe with a weapon with the agonizing fusion, you can cast inflict pain on the target as a spell-like ability (using the weapon's item level as the caster level).?
Chained?6?Weapons with the chained fusion gain a short chain that dangles from the haft or handle.?
Cruel?6?The cruel fusion feeds on fear and despair.?
Dampening?6?On a critical hit, a weapon with the dampening fusion can suppress any vibration-based blindsense the target has for 1d4 rounds.?
Dimensional Disruption?6?This fusion infuses the disruption of kishalee weapons into the weapon’s output.?
EMP?6?The EMP weapon fusion gives the weapon an electromagnetic pulse critical hit effect.?
Ensnaring?6?The ensnaring fusion binds the target on a critical hit.?
Hive Buster?6?A weapon with the hive buster fusion can temporarily disrupt the psychic ability of certain creatures on a critical hit.?
Knockdown?6?With the knockdown fusion, a weapon disrupts a target’s center of gravity.?
Menacing?6?A weapon with the menacing fusion aggressively pushes against your foe’s guard, making way for other attackers.?
Nanite?6?The nanite fusion gives a weapon the nanite burst critical effect.?
Spellbane?6?A weapon with the spellbane fusion gains the spellbane critical hit effect.?
Charge Disrupting?7?A weapon with the charge disrupting fusion disrupts power sources.?
Mind Reading?7?Scoring a critical hit with a weapon with the mind rending fusion damages the psyche of the creature struck.?
Tattoo?7?Popular among the Xun of the Golden League, a tattoo weapon can be hidden in the form of a tattoo on your body.?
Wounding?7?The wounding fusion causes a weapon to deal exceptionally traumatic damage.?
Annihilator?8?A weapon with the annihilator fusion looks corroded, worn, and crudely formed.?
Continuous?8?The continuous fusion lets a weapon with the line special property sustain fire continuously by expending additional charges.?
Guarded?8?The guarded fusion guides timing so that ranged attacks don’t leave the wielder vulnerable.?
Leeching?8?The leeching weapon fusion gives a weapon the leech critical hit effect.?
Rebounding?8?The rebounding fusion lets you bounce your attacks off a wall to reach your target.?
Synesthetic?8?A weapon with the synesthetic fusion carries a trace of the Dreamers’ psychic energies.?
Temporal Disruption?8?With this fusion, a weapon’s energy damage can slow down the rate of subatomic movement in the target.?
Tritidair?8?An installed tritidair fusion causes a weapon to show a star field with one bright constellation, similar to the patterns on tritidair wings.?
Beneficent?9?When you score a critical hit against a significant enemy with a weapon that has the beneficent fusion, you gain one charge of beneficence.?
Corrosive?9?The corrosive fusion weaves the destructive power of acid into the weapon’s form.?
Malediction?9?Once per day when you successfully attack a foe with a weapon with the malediction fusion, as a reaction you can cast bestow curse on the target as a spell-like ability (using the weapon’s item level as the caster level).?
Ratjaw?9?Famously linked to criminals who worship Lao Shu Po, the ratjaw fusion aids in disarming and robbing foes.?
Thundering?9?The thundering fusion imbues a weapon with heightened frequency vibrations.?
Lightveiled?10?The lightveiled fusion renders a weapon invisible in bright light.?
Nullifying?10?Damage from a weapon with the nullifying fusion temporarily reduces spell resistance.?
Tracking?10?The tracking fusion lets you locate a creature recently damaged by the weapon.?
Vorpal?10?With the vorpal fusion, a weapon can tear between the molecules of a creature.?

