Arcane Laboratory
An arcane laboratory contains all the tools and space necessary to craft magic items (see page 235), though the crafter must still provide the necessary raw materials. Such a laboratory reduces the crafting time by half.
Cargo Hold
Unconverted expansion bays count as cargo holds. A cargo hold can contain approximately 25 tons of goods, with no item being larger than Large. A starship with multiple cargo holds can hold larger objects; usually 4 contiguous cargo holds are required to hold Huge objects and 8 for Gargantuan objects. These size restrictions can be overridden at the GM’s discretion.
Escape Pods
Escape pods give the crew of a severely damaged or destroyed starship a way to avoid imminent death. An escape pod fits one Medium or smaller creature and has enough supplies and life-support capacity for that creature to survive for 7 days. It is also fitted with a distress beacon that is easily identified by long-range scanners. An escape pod has heat shields that allow it to crash-land on a planet with an atmosphere, but no means of propulsion. A single expansion bay can be converted into six escape pods.
Guest Quarters
Starships that function as passenger vessels require spaces apart from their crew quarters for their guests to sleep. A single expansion bay can be converted into common quarters (usually simple bunks or hammocks) for six passengers, good quarters (usually a comfortable bed, a desk with a chair, and a small set of drawers) for four passengers, or luxurious quarters (usually a large bed, a wardrobe, a couch, a desk with a nice chair, and a private washroom) for two passengers.
Hangar Bay
A hangar bay can be installed only in a Gargantuan or larger starship and takes up 4 expansion bays. A hangar bay provides a place for up to 8 Tiny starships to dock.
Life Boats
A life boat is a more sophisticated version of an escape pod. It has room for one Large creature, or two Medium or smaller creatures, and enough supplies to last those passengers 15 days (or 30 days of supplies for one Medium or smaller creature). While it has the same kind of distress beacon as an escape pod, a life boat also has an on-board computer that automatically detects the nearest hospitable celestial body and minimal thrusters to get the craft there (though a life boat can’t participate in starship combat). A single expansion bay can be converted into two life boats.
Medical Bay
A medical bay functions as a medical lab (see page 220).
Passenger Seating
An expansion bay can be converted into rows of seating for passengers at no cost. A single expansion bay can hold seating for 16 Medium passengers (though seats can be built for larger creatures). This upgrade is appropriate only for taking many passengers on short trips; starships on journeys lasting multiple days should instead have guest quarters installed.
Power Core Housing
An expansion bay can be set aside for an additional power core (which must be purchased separately) and the associated wiring and safety apparatuses. A power core housing can be installed on only a Medium or larger starship.
Recreation Suite
A recreation suite includes entertainments that help the crew (or passengers) relax and blow off steam. These diversions can be wide-ranging, with some consuming more PCU than others (see the table on page 300). Example recreation suites include a gym, sparring arena, or other exercise area; a trivid den or other comfortable space in which to consume passive entertainment; or a holographic amusement chamber (or HAC), vidgame arcade, or other high-tech interactive entertainment center.
Science Lab
A science lab contains scientific apparatuses and other laboratory equipment to aid in the research of certain topics. A general science lab provides a +1 circumstance bonus to Life Science and Physical Science checks (and is called a general science lab), a life science lab provides a +2 circumstance bonus to Life Science checks, and a physical science lab provides a +2 circumstance bonus to Physical Science checks. The lab type is chosen when the expansion bay is converted.
Sealed Environment Chamber
Occasionally, a starship will need to host an alien or other creature whose biology is radically different from that of the crew. The passenger might be able to breathe only methane gas or can survive in only below-freezing temperatures. In such a case, a sealed environment chamber is required for the passenger to remain comfortable (and alive).
Shuttle Bay
A shuttle bay can be installed only in a Huge or larger starship and takes up two expansion bays. A shuttle bay provides a place for a Small or smaller starship to dock.
Smuggler Compartment
Smuggler compartments are cargo holds hidden behind false bulkheads and are shielded from most scanning, allowing a starship equipped with them to haul illegal goods without detection. A smuggler compartment can contain 10 tons of goods, with no item being larger than Medium. A creature on the starship must succeed at a DC 20 Perception check to detect a basic smuggler compartment on the starship. A creature scanning the starship must succeed at a DC 20 Computers check to detect one (this additional check is part of the science officer’s scan action in starship combat; see page 325). For each Build Point spent over the base cost, these DCs increase by 5 (maximum DC 50), though the amount of power the compartment uses also increases by 1.
Synthesis Bay
A synthesis bay contains all the space and tools required to craft drugs, medicine, or poison (see page 235), though the crafter must still provide the necessary raw materials. A synthesis bay reduces the crafting time by half.
Tech Workshop
A tech workshop contains all the space and tools necessary to craft technological items (see page 235), though the crafter must still provide the necessary raw materials. Such a workshop reduces the crafting time by half.
Security
The additions below help to prevent unwanted scoundrels from absconding with a starship. Security systems require an operational power core to function, but they consume a negligible amount of PCU. The cost of each option is listed in the table below.
Anti-Hacking Systems
By increasing the security of the starship’s computer, these systems increase the DC to hack into it by 1 (see page 139). This upgrade can be purchased up to four times.
Antipersonnel Weapon
An antipersonnel weapon must be mounted near the boarding ramp of a Medium or smaller starship. This weapon can be any longarm whose item level is equal to or less than the starship’s tier. By spending 5 additional Build Points, the installed weapon can be a heavy weapon (of creature scale, not starship scale). When an antipersonnel weapon is activated, if a hostile creature approaches within the weapon’s range increment, it begins firing with an attack roll modifier equal to the ship’s tier (minimum 1). It fires once per round during combat until its ammunition is depleted or the hostile creature is disabled or flees. The weapon can’t detect invisible (or similarly hidden) creatures. This weapon can’t be removed and used by characters. Anyone with access to the starship’s computer system can activate or deactivate the weapon, as well designate what kind of targets are considered hostile. Once installed, this weapon can’t be removed from the starship without destroying it.
Biometric Locks
The systems of a starship with biometric locks can only be used by certain creatures, designated when the locks are installed; this list can be updated by any creature who can gain access to the ship’s computer systems. A successful Computers check (DC = 20 + 1-1/2 × the tier of the starship) can bypass these locks.
Computer Countermeasures
When a foe attempts to hack a starship’s computers and fails, a set of countermeasures can punish the would-be hacker. The crew can install one of the countermeasures listed on page 216, following the normal rules for countermeasures. Each countermeasure costs a number of Build Points equal to the starship’s computer’s tier (half the starship’s tier; see page 297).
Self-Destruct System
Used most often as a last resort, a self-destruct system completely destroys the starship on which it is installed (as if the ship had taken damage equal to twice its Hull Points), often killing everyone on board. A starship in a hex adjacent to a starship that self-destructs takes an amount of damage equal to half the destroyed starship’s maximum Hull Points; this damage can be mitigated by shields. A self-destruct system can be activated only by creatures on the starship (by turning a set of keys, typing in a specific passcode, or other physical means known only to high-ranking members of the crew) and can’t be activated remotely via hacking. The activating creatures set a time delay for the destruction (at least 1 round of starship combat). The cost of a self-destruct system depends on the size category of the ship (for the purposes of this calculation, Tiny = 1, Small = 2, Medium = 3, Large = 4, and so on).