~https://www.aonsrd.com/Manufacturers.aspx?ItemName=All
<>
:::Arabani Arms, Ltd.
AbadarCorpSource Starfinder Armory pg. 55 AbadarCorp’s Defender line of ranged weaponry includes a built-in friend-or-foe protocol that prevents it from firing in a situation where it could target a creature programmed to be recognized as a friend. You can add an ally to the protocol’s list of friends as a move action, provided the ally is within the weapon’s first range increment at the time. Each Defender weapon has a built-in scanner that can be pointed at a target without needing to aim the weapon. In other words, you can point the Defender weapon’s scanner, rather than the weapon itself, at a chosen ally. A Defender weapon’s list initially includes juvenile sentient creatures and recognized law enforcement officials as friends. You can download new friend parameters to add to your protocol’s list, too, as well as grant others permission to transmit their friend parameters to your list. You can remove or modify the initial programming by succeeding at a Computers check (DC = 15 + 1-1/2 × the weapon’s item level). If you fail the check, the Defender’s anti-tampering software kicks in, and the weapon won’t fire at all. To reactivate it, you must reset it by succeeding at a Computers check with the same DC as the first check, or take the weapon to an Abadar Corp dealer or contact one via an infosphere network to have it reset for a fee equal to 10% of the item’s price. Each time you fail to reset the anti-tampering software, the DC to try again increases by 5. A Defender weapon relies on visual scans and limited biometric data to identify friends. It can be fooled by illusions and similar optical tricks, including a good disguise, even with regard to its initial programming. If the need arises, as a standard action, you can remove a friend from the list of friends included in your weapon’s protocol. That friend can be added back to the list as a move action. The Defender protocol allows you to avoid shooting friends. When you use a weapon’s automatic special property, the protocol excludes friends as possible targets. The weapon fires no ammunition at a friend. A Defender weapon with the blast, explode, or line special property won’t fire if a friend would be hit by the area effect. When you openly carry a Defender weapon, law enforcement officers might react more positively toward you. This response is likely in situations where your weapons are an issue, especially when you carry no other obvious armaments or when you allow an officer to modify the protocol to protect potential targets. The GM can grant you up to a +2 circumstance bonus to checks to interact with law enforcement officers when your carrying a Defender weapon is applicable. This bonus can apply to other characters in similar circumstances, such as the bodyguards of an icon added as friends to your weapon’s protocol. A Defender weapon usually costs 10% more than normal, but weapons that have the automatic special property cost 20% more than normal.?
Arabani Arms, Ltd.Source Starfinder Armory pg. 56 Arabani Arms has an exclusive ranged-weapon line called Karkaken. These high-impact weapons are modified to cause maximum discomfort, adding the demoralize critical hit effect to the weapon. If the weapon already has a critical hit effect, you choose whether to apply the weapon’s normal critical hit effect or the demoralize effect each time. A weapon that already has the demoralize critical hit effect can’t benefit from this upgrade. A Karkaken weapon costs 20% more than normal.?
Brortrav Ordnance FactoriesSource Starfinder Armory pg. 56 A Veskarian corporation, Brortrav Ordnance Factories manufactures a wide range of personal weaponry, but it is most famous for its specialty heavy weapons that incorporate menacing decorative elements such as spikes and fanged maws. These motifs are intended to be stylish, and yet unnerving to your foes. When you fire a Brortrav heavy weapon, targets take a –2 penalty to attack rolls for attacks of opportunity made against you as a result of that ranged attack. Brortrav heavy weapons cost 10% more than normal and have a bulk 1 higher than normal.?
Ereus TeletechSource Starfinder Armory pg. 56 Ereus Teletech arose from a lashunta collective on Asana, but the company’s market has expanded to include shirrens, formians, and other telepaths, as well as non-telepaths who want psychic tech. The company makes ranged weapons and powered melee weapons fitted with psychic modifications. Each Ereus weapon includes a security lock that disables the weapon unless it detects the registered user’s specific psychic signature. This technology isn’t foolproof, but tricking or removing it is difficult. Spoofing another creature’s psychic signature is possible, requiring telepathy that could communicate with the intended user and a successful Bluff check (DC = 15 + 1-1/2 × the weapon’s item level). This spoofing must occur each time the item is activated. The telepathic security lock can be removed, but doing so requires an Engineering check to disable the weapon (which is treated as a complex device). Because the Ereus lock is integrated systemically, a disabled weapon is broken and must be repaired to be of any further use. Ereus products cost 10% more than normal.?
Ichihara HoldingsSource Starfinder Armory pg. 56 Ichihara Holdings weaponry is often found in the hands of Xun working for the Golden League, every investigation into the company has failed to uncover any formal links to the crime organization. The company itself claims its weapons are simply popular with some groups because of the ingenious solutions devised by their engineering teams to create equipment—from pistols to vehicles—with modular, interchangeable parts. All Ichihara Holdings weapons follow this standard and can be easily repaired, granting a +2 circumstance bonus to skill checks to repair them. The company manufacturers most weapons, but specializes in advanced melee weapons. An Ichihara Holdings weapon costs 10% more than normal.?
Iratha IncorporatedSource Starfinder Armory pg. 56 Iratha Incorporated specializes in biotech augmentations, but the company has made a small ingress into the weapons industry by modifying armaments to include a biometric lock keyed to allow use only by authorized users. This lock functions like a biometric lock starship security system, but the DC uses the weapon’s item level in place of the starship’s tier. The biometric lock is integrated with a weapon’s activation mechanism and works by disabling that apparatus. Iratha Incorporated modifications increase the price of a weapon by 10%.?
Karbide-MachinesSource Starfinder Armory pg. 56 Ranged weapons manufactured by Diaspora-based Karbide- Machinas integrate nanofiber grips to ensure a customer never unintentionally loses the weapon. The company makes only small arms, longarms, and sniper weapons with these grips, which increase the weapon’s price as normal for such grips.?
Lethal InnovationsSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 The menacing name of Lethal Innovations grew out of a simple desire by the biotechnology research and development company Life Innovations to spin their more dangerous projects into a separate (though related) company to produce a line of organic adaptations of common weaponry. The organization of Lethal Innovations is complex, as it includes a composite barathu entity that often incorporates barathu who have worked as part of Life Innovations, but is considered a separate entity from any of the individuals who make it up. Many barathu-watching scholars believe Lethal Innovations specifically exists to market biological weapons less advanced and lethal than those used by Confluence Agents— the bioengineered agents of the governing barathu entity, the Confluence. Lethal Innovation's weapons gain the living weapon special property, which makes them popular among Xenowardens and others who prefer some of the benefits of technology without its ecological impact. Demand has driven Lethal Innovations to build living equivalents of most nonliving weapons (except analog weapons, or melee weapons without the powered special property), each costing 20% more than the listed price.?
Magnari PieceworksSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 One of the manufacturers in the Idari’s Crucibles, Magnari Pieceworks specializes in the unique magnetic field lock technology used in several kasathan technologies, from the infamous Saga-class warship to the iconic puzzleblades. This modification can be applied to any melee weapon that lacks the living special property, granting the weapon the breakdown special property. Such a weapon costs 10% more than normal.?
Multifold IndustriesSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 One of Aballon’s leading manufacturers, Multifold is known not for ingenuity but for reliability. When calculating the hardness and Hit Points for a weapon manufactured by Multifold Industries, the item-level multiplier is 3 for hardness, rather than 2, and 4 for Hit Points, rather than 3. Multifold Industries makes all sorts of weapons, but the company’s superior craftsmanship results in its products costing 20% more than normal.?
Ringworks Arsenal GroupSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 When Vercite starship manufacturer Ringworks Industries formed a separate personal-scale energy weapons manufacturer as a wholly-owned subsidiary, its subsequent business and marketing decision sometimes left audiences skeptical. The relatively recent Ringworks Arsenal Group has since won over numerous customers as its products remain sturdy, reliable, and functional. The Ringworks weaponry line includes a distinctive feature for customers who prove loyal to the brand: a Ringworks weapon can recharge its battery at specialized stations onboard any Large or larger Ringworks starship at no cost. This process takes 1 minute per charge. Ringworks Industries can include this functionality in any weapon with a battery, but the weapon costs 10% more than the listed price.?
Snowgarden ProductionsSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 Based in the Immortal Suzerainty of Ning, Snowgarden Productions has been manufacturing weapons for combat performance since sometime during the Gap, with a focus on providing melee weapons to the infamous battleflowers of Ning. Those who have ranks in Profession (dancer) equal to a Snowgarden melee weapon’s level can use the device to deal nonlethal damage without the normal penalty to attack rolls. Snowgarden Productions sells its fashionable, elegant melee weapons for 10% more than normal.?
VitariTech IndustriesSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 An Akiton-based corporation, VitariTech hasn’t disclosed all the components used to make its weapons, causing some principled buyers to choose other makers. Those who are more interested in taking down their foes than possible ethical implications find the weapons to be attractive, since they can inflict lasting inherent harm to their targets. All VitariTech weapons have a special disruption critical hit effect that disrupts magical healing. If the weapon already has a critical hit effect, you choose whether to apply the weapon’s normal critical hit effect or the disruption effect each time. A creature subjected to this effect must succeed at a Fortitude saving throw or magic that restores Hit Points is only half as effective for the creature until it finishes an uninterrupted 8-hour rest, or is administered first aid with a successful Medicine check. A VitariTech weapon is a hybrid item and costs 30% more than normal.?
Zeizerer MunitionsSource Starfinder Armory pg. 57 An Apostae-based corporation, Zeizerer Munitions is one of a dozen or so companies owned and controlled by House Zeizerer, a powerful drow house that controls the city of Nightarch. Unlike most of House Zeizerer’s business endeavors, Zeizerer Munitions actually has more offices and holdings off Apostae than on its parent corporation’s home world, though all the top offices remain safely located in towers within Nightarch. Because the company sells ammunition and batteries rather than weaponry, numerous groups who refuse to deal with drow arms deals in general are willing to buy batteries, darts, rounds, and scattergun shells from Zeizerer Munition in the (questionable) belief that ammunition carries fewer opportunities for immoral design choices. Zeizerer Muntion sells special longframe ammunition magazines and batteries, designed to extend the ammuntion or charges a weapon can carry. For any weapon that uses batteries, darts, petrol, rounds, or scattergun shells and that has a capacity of 5 or more, it is possible to buy a longframe battery or magazine to extend the weapon's capacity by 20%, at a price of 5% of the weapon (plus the price of the appropriate base battery forweapons that use charges). In the case of batteries, these longframe batteries are treated as their original capacity for purposes of recharging availability, price, and time. Longframe magazines are bought separately from the ammuntion they can carry. Longframe batteries and magazines can only be used with a specific make and mode of weaponl--a longframe battery for a static shock caster has 48 charges, but can only be used in a static shock caster.?

